Auto IRC Bot 3.0
------------------------------------------------------------

Table of Contents
    1. Description
    2. Developers
    3. How to install
    4. How to upgrade
    5. Help, Bugs, Suggestions

------------------------------------------------------------
1. DESCRIPTION

Auto IRC Bot is an IRC channel bot that was created in
December of 2009, over time, it progressed into a bot with an
advanced and lightweight module API. Many of its features
are modules and can be loaded/unloaded to your wish.

Using the module API, you can also write your own modules to
further extend your copy.  If you think your module is useful
and should be included in the mainline program, you can
contact us and request that your module be added to
contributed modules. There is a chance that it will be accepted.


2. DEVELOPERS

Auto IRC Bot is developed by Xelhua Development Group, a team
of people who contribute their time and knowledge to the
maintenance of Auto, and other projects.

    Elijah Perrault <elijah@starcoder.info>
    Matthew Barksdale <mattwb65@gmail.com>
    Russell Bradford <russell@surgehost.net>


3. HOW TO INSTALL

By installing and running Auto, you are agreeing to the terms
stated in doc/LICENSE.  Auto is free but copyrighted software
released under the terms of the GNU General Public License,
version 2.

Dependencies: gettext

It is very simple to install Auto, simply download the install
script from http://xelhua.org. To get the link, check out
http://starcoder.info and find the post about the latest Auto
release, a link to download the install script will be included.

You can also manually install Auto, but this is pointless
unless you wish to use the Indev release from Git.

Enjoy and thanks for choosing Auto.


4. HOW TO UPGRADE

Reserved. Currently there is no method of upgrading version.


5. HELP, BUGS, SUGGESTIONS

If you need help, please join our IRC support chatroom at
irc.xelhua.org #xelhua.  And in the case that you find a bug,
we recommend bringing it up in #xelhua to ensure it is a bug
and whether or not it is known, then report it on our BT at
http://bugs.xelhua.org. Thanks!

Feature suggestions are also welcome, again please let us
know them in our support chatroom. If you've already created
the feature, please be sure to tell us that if you want to
make a contribution.
